Should the US goverment be involved in shaping global health policy? 
Is universal health care an important goal for improving global health?
Should access to healthcare be considered a fundamental human right worldwide? 
Should pharmaceutical companies by required to make their products affordable and accessible in low-income countries? 
Are the World Health Orangization (WHO) and other international health agencies effective in managing global health crises? 
Should vaccines by made mandatory worldwide for infectious diseases such as COVID-19 and measles? 
Can large-scale international aid improve health outcomes, or does it create dependency? 
Should mental health receive the same funding and focus as physical health in global health initiatives? 
Should governments impose taxes on unhealthy products (sugar, tobacco, alcohol) to promote public health? 
Is it fair for wealthier countries to prioritze their own citizens for vaccines or healthcare treatments during a global health crisis? 
Should governments have the right to mandate health measures such as lockdowns, even if they affect individuals' livelihoods and freedoms? 
Should wealthy nations take greater responsibility for the health effects of climate change in vulnerable regions?
Are anti-smoking and anti-alcohol campaigns in low-income countries an effective use of global health resources? 
Should governments regulate the marketing of fast food and sugary drinks to reduce obesity rates?
Is it more beneficial to invest in healthcare education within low-income countries than to provide direct aid?
Should governments regulate the marketing of fast food and sugary drinks to reduce obesity rates?
Do international health organizations have the right to override national sovereignty to manage a public health crisis?
Should health interventions prioritize child mortality reduction over adult healthcare needs?
Should wealthy countries pay a global “health equity tax” to support low-income nations’ healthcare systems?
Are social media platforms responsible for preventing the spread of health misinformation during global health crises?